So the question that you might
be thinking at this point is,
I can see myself having to copy and
paste the same styles a lot.
So if I have five inputs,
do I need to copy and
paste that on every single one of them?
And the answer is no,
you can still come in and
you can actually make what
are called components.
Let's come back to our style.css.
So I have this problem now that I have
these components here, basically all
these inputs that should have some
relatively similar styles to each of them.
I would like to apply the same style to
each one of them without having to copy
and paste this my-10 to it.
So come back in your style.css,
and let's put this in here.
So the first thing you wanna
say here is layer components.
And we're basically scoping this down
as here is the component that exists
inside of my application.
So we're gonna put this layer components.
And then here you can put
some CSS classes, right?
So the first thing we put in here is
a search-label, and it's just normal CSS.
Here I chose to use CSS, but I also told
you that there's also the ability to kind
of use the Tailwind CSS
classes themselves.
And I'll leave that to your discretion.
In this case,
I found it faster to just do a label here.
Okay, so margin-bottom 15,
margin-top 15, width 100.
All stuff that you can
use to display flex.
This will make everything look nice and
centered for
all these various different labels.
And then the search control, this is gonna
be the, The input in there.
So instead of having all of these,
let's go back to our SearchParams,
these, my-10s, right?
So let's go ahead and delete all
those that we just put in there.
Now what I wanna do is I
wanna give this a className,
Equals to the search-label
that I put in here.
And I'm gonna put that on
each one of the labels here.
And so now I have this reusable style
component that I can put everywhere.
Okay, and
then I also need to have a search-control.
Starting to look a little bit better.
I think I put that on here
className = search-control.
Is that what this ended up being?
And yeah, you can put that on the button
if you want to, but you also go ahead and
put these, instead of the w-60,
replace that with search-control.
And now we end up with something that
looks significantly nicer than what we had
before.
Right, this actually
looks mostly respectable.
PostCSS, you can kind of think of
to fill a similar role to SAS.
PostCSS, in and
of itself, is like Babel that all
PostCSS does is process CSS, right?
Babel by itself does nothing.
Babel needs plugins and presets and
configuration stuff for it to do anything.
PostCSS is the exact same way, whereas
SAS out of the box does a bunch of stuff.
SAS is a language unto itself.
>> Great, thanks.
>> Yep.
So in this particular case,
PostCSS is the processor, but
the actual transformations
are coming from Tailwind.
And that's the difference there.
Tailwind needs PostCSS.
PostCSS doesn't necessarily need Tailwind.
Okay.
And then we can do our
button down at the bottom.
So let's replace the search-control
with rounded px-6,
so padding on the left and right of 6,
py-2 to have some padding top and bottom.
Remove that color,
text-white hover:opacity-50.
And border-none.
That'll make a nice little button there
that'll look significantly better.
So you can see those got
nice rounded corners and
all that kinda stuff, there you go.
Rounded px, I think everything here is
we've all ready kinda talked about.
The hover opacity-50, that makes it so
whenever I hover over it,
it goes 50% opacity, so it looks
like it's a clickable button, right?
People expect that.
Okay, we do have one problem right now.
So right now this breed
selector is disabled, right?
And right now it looks very clickable.
So a user might go in there and he's like,
wait, why can't I click on that, right?
It's only populated once I select dog,
and now there's breeds to select.
But when it's empty,
it should look grayed out.
So how do we do that?
Well, if you're on PostCSS 8,
you can just do this.
Let's go up here.
On the breed selector up here, this one,
we could do disabled:opacity-50.
The issue is this doesn't work on
the PostCSS 7 version that we're using.
So we have to kinda go hack
around it a little bit.
But like I said, everything's
the latest version of Tailwind,
this would just work out of the box.
But never fear, there's a little
thing that we can work around here.
If we go into here into the variance,
into the,
Here, instead of the extend,
we can say opacity,
after, and give it a little function here.
After:["disabled"].
So if this is a little opaque,
pun kind of intended there.
It's cuz it's a kind of esoteric way
that we can basically say, hey, if
you find this disabled pseudo class here,
then allow the user to set the opacity.
If you want any more
explanation than that,
you're gonna have to go dig into the docs
cuz that's basically what I got out of it.
All I know is that it works, right?
And now what I'm gonna have to do because
this is a new config, I have to stop and
start the server again.
So again, I kinda get caught by this
bug always with Parcel that whenever
you are modifying configs,
you gotta go clear the cache.
You have to delete the cache.
You have to delete the dist.
And then you have to start it again.
Cuz a lot of time, what Parcel is doing is
it's caching all of those configurations
so that it doesn't have to reread them.
I think Parcel 2 has fixed a lot of this.
And there you go,
now it's finally grayed out.
So now, if I change this to dog,
notice this gets ungrayed out and
people can like, okay,
now I can select things.
And then I select this again and
it is grayed out again.
Luckily, again, if you're using the latest
version of Tailwind, which very soon will
have Parcel 2, you will not have to worry
about doing this workaround to get there.